UTY 2088: Set external ip from cli (#1409)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `map<k,v>` support to the Worker Inspector window. [#1403](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1403)
- Added `Open inspector V2` menu item that opens the new inspector in the browser. [#1407](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1407)

> - Added the option to set `UseExternalIp` using the command and argument. [#1409](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1409)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the option to set `UseExternalIp` using the command line argument `+useExternalIp` with the `CommandLineConnectionParameterInitializer`. [#1409](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1409)
```

> - Added the option to set `UseExternalIp` using the command and argument. [#1409](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1409)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the option to set `UseExternalIp` using the `useExternalIp` command line flag. [#1409](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1409)
```
